NMS-14850: Review enlinkd documentation (#5499)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/topology/enlinkd/introduction.adoc

[[ga-enlinkd]]
= Enhanced Link Daemon

> The enhanced link daemon (enlinkd) discovers connections between nodes using data generated by various link discovery protocols, and that is accessible via SNMP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The enhanced link daemon (enlinkd) discovers connections between nodes using data generated by various link discovery protocols.
This data is collected from nodes via SNMP.
```

Enlinkd gathers this data regularly and uses it to generate a snapshot of a device's neighbors from its perspective, as defined by SNMP data collectors.

> The xref:operation:topology/enlinkd/layer-2/bridge-discovery.adoc[bridge domain discovery process] uses the data gathered by the Bridge and IpNetToMedia collectors to generate a bridge broadcast domain layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The xref:operation:deep-dive/topology/enlinkd/layer-2/bridge-discovery.adoc[bridge domain discovery process] uses the data gathered by the Bridge and IpNetToMedia collectors to generate a bridge broadcast domain layout.
```

The bridge forwarding tables (BFTs) that are provided by individual nodes display information about the MAC addresses discovered on bridge ports.

> This is what the bridge domain discovery process considers a connection; it is not very useful on its own, however, so the process also performs domain calculations to assign each MAC address to the port where the device that holds it is effectively connected (the nearest known bridge port).

Reviewer: Personally, don't like using semicolons.
```suggestion
This is what the bridge domain discovery process considers a connection.
It is not very useful on its own, so the process also performs domain calculations to assign each MAC address to the port where the device that holds it is effectively connected (the nearest known bridge port).
```

> Connections that are discovered by the collectors and the bridge domain discovery process are called "links."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connections that the collectors and the bridge domain discovery process find are called "links."
```

These links are discovered based on information that is provided by an agent's understanding of connections at the OSI layer 2, layer 3, or other OSI layers.

NOTE: In this context, a "link" does not refer only to the network OSI layer 2 connection.

> The updaters use the topologies update API provided by each supported discovery protocol to provide connections information to other OpenNMS services and daemons via the OnmsTopologyDao.

Reviewer: I had a comment here that didn't get saved in my review.  I'd vote to just remove the original sentence.  "API" and "DAO" references are more relevant to developers than operators.

> The updaters use the topologies update API provided by each supported discovery protocol to provide connections information to other OpenNMS services and daemons via the OnmsTopologyDao.

Author: ```suggestion
```
